Index: 397, Revision ID: -1, Article Title: Barbara Eibinger-Miedl, Error: The MW API does not have any info related to the rev-id provided as input (-1), therefore it is not possible to extract features properly. One possible cause is the deletion of the page related to the revision id. Please contact the ML-Team if you need more info.
Index: 483, Revision ID: -1, Article Title: Mehrali Gasimov, Error: The MW API does not have any info related to the rev-id provided as input (-1), therefore it is not possible to extract features properly. One possible cause is the deletion of the page related to the revision id. Please contact the ML-Team if you need more info.
Index: 1159, Revision ID: -1, Article Title: Kyaw Myint, Error: The MW API does not have any info related to the rev-id provided as input (-1), therefore it is not possible to extract features properly. One possible cause is the deletion of the page related to the revision id. Please contact the ML-Team if you need more info.
Index: 1301, Revision ID: -1, Article Title: André Ngongang Ouandji, Error: The MW API does not have any info related to the rev-id provided as input (-1), therefore it is not possible to extract features properly. One possible cause is the deletion of the page related to the revision id. Please contact the ML-Team if you need more info.
Index: 1861, Revision ID: -1, Article Title: Tomás Pimentel, Error: The MW API does not have any info related to the rev-id provided as input (-1), therefore it is not possible to extract features properly. One possible cause is the deletion of the page related to the revision id. Please contact the ML-Team if you need more info.
Index: 2333, Revision ID: -1, Article Title: Richard Sumah, Error: The MW API does not have any info related to the rev-id provided as input (-1), therefore it is not possible to extract features properly. One possible cause is the deletion of the page related to the revision id. Please contact the ML-Team if you need more info.
Index: 3503, Revision ID: 65356695, Article Title: Adem Hodža, Error: The MW API does not have any info related to the rev-id provided as input (65356695), therefore it is not possible to extract features properly. One possible cause is the deletion of the page related to the revision id. Please contact the ML-Team if you need more info.
Index: 4322, Revision ID: -1, Article Title: Segun ''Aeroland'' Adewale, Error: The MW API does not have any info related to the rev-id provided as input (-1), therefore it is not possible to extract features properly. One possible cause is the deletion of the page related to the revision id. Please contact the ML-Team if you need more info.
Index: 5538, Revision ID: -1, Article Title: Bashir Bililiqo, Error: The MW API does not have any info related to the rev-id provided as input (-1), therefore it is not possible to extract features properly. One possible cause is the deletion of the page related to the revision id. Please contact the ML-Team if you need more info.
